Ah.
Love, why are you here?
I know.
They tricked you into coming in, didn't they?
Want to hurt us all our lives sweeping the land
If we get caught, we all have to play.
Don't go out!
So what do you do?
What is modest now?
We can't lose our jobs anyway.
Lam Need
Broke into the captain's office overnight without permission.
Bad Conspiracy
According to the contract
You're fired.
There is also compensation for the company's 500,000 yuan in losses and compensation for liquidated damages.
Half a million dollars, you're robbing money.
And I've been tricked into this.
I can't believe you can check the surveillance.
The monitor broke down three days ago.
Love, can you not let A Phong worry?
The result on office design is too many company secrets
You've been in there all night.
How can you lose?
What if he steals company secrets?
Gotta go.
Let me out!